Describe your development and deployment workflow in enough detail that a new team member or someone taking over the project could follow to successfully test and deploy theme updates to your staging and live sites. This should include issues/processes such as project management, version control, testing and automation. Do not provide private details like passwords.

The Deployment and web development was to push changes from one deployment environment to another.
Our website used the remote host known as Site Ground which provided local development as well as staging production. 
Since everything was on Site ground it would be straightforward for anyone who wants to do testing and deploying themes. 

So, we developed a site installing WordPress in our hosting site that was site ground. We first created pages however later we turned it into posts so that every change we do is updated and our staging and development environment is same one. All the changes i.e., the extra pages or contents we add were visible in the site hosted. We used a nice page plugin to develop our site. For that we downloaded a nice page plugin online and installed it in our WordPress (CMS technology to build site) by uploading plugin. We created pages and linked them making menus using nice page editor in WordPress. We used elements and blocks available in the plugin. It was easy to use plugin as we could simply add a block and add contents to it and even manage colours, fonts, and other properties by simply editing attributes displayed in the right corner of the page. We can just view page and click on edit with nice page to edit our site.
Talking about how we make our site live is by hosting it in the site ground where we installed our wordpress.org so by simply posting our pages our site went live. Site ground seems to be very friendly hosting site as we could simply host our website by turning our pages into posts in WordPress. We did not face any issues this time as in first assignment we solved the issues already like how we turn pages into posts and how we can create pages and linked them to turn into website.
