Think about someone who already knows WordPress taking over the running of the site itself: how do they add new content – as a page or a post? In what category? You may have used a plugin for a calendar of events or something, which needs to be described. Do not recreate WordPress documentation, but clearly explain to the client’s site maintainer how this particular site is organised and can be maintained.

The skeleton of this website was created using the Nice Page plugin. The first step was creating the pages we wanted and getting the links working to have a navigation pane in the header. After creating the pages, each page had different predesigned layouts that were selected and manipulated to suit our needs. The page that would require the most attention would be the "Services" page. The page is aimed to give insight on what we offer. There would be frequent updates based on the human resources availble. The services are ment to be IT based and web driven (SAP) services. The person managing should be able to have the log in details that allow them to jump into the site and eaisly maintain and mange. The page should be able to allow users (stake holders) that could enquire and the admin should be able log in provide solutions. 
All the other pages still require attention but are less likely to have drastic changes. They only need to be updated if necessary, for instance the Contac Us page would only be updated if the details have changed (new numbers etc). 

Because we are using a Nice Page plugin, the editing would have to be done in Nice page. If you want to add a new page you can but if you want to add little snips of content you would have to either edit within the existing "blocks" or add new blocks and later include your content. Adding blocks is pretty straightforward, there will be templates available for you to choose depending on how you want your content displayed.
